Example: DeepSpeed deferred init with opt-30b (#2419)
pytorch/serve: examples/large_models/deepspeed/opt/Readme.md

# Loading large Huggingface models on Multiple GPUs

> This document briefs on serving large HG models on multiple GPUs using deepspeed. We are using facebook/opt-30b in this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document briefs on serving large HuggingFace (HF) models on multiple GPUs using deepspeed. We are using facebook/opt-30b in this example
```

curl -v "http://localhost:8080/predictions/opt" -T sample_text.txt
```

## Option 2: Using model name

### Step 1: Update initialize in custom_handler.py
```python
    def initialize(self, ctx: Context):
        """In this initialize function, the HF large model is loaded and
        partitioned using DeepSpeed.
        Args:
            ctx (context): It is a JSON Object containing information
            pertaining to the model artefacts parameters.
        """
        super().initialize(ctx)
        model_dir = ctx.system_properties.get("model_dir")
        self.max_length = int(ctx.model_yaml_config["handler"]["max_length"])
        self.max_new_tokens = int(ctx.model_yaml_config["handler"]["max_new_tokens"])
        seed = int(ctx.model_yaml_config["handler"]["manual_seed"])
        torch.manual_seed(seed)

        self.tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_dir, padding_side="left")
        self.tokenizer.pad_token = self.tokenizer.eos_token
        self.model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_dir, torch_dtype=torch.float16)
        self.model.eval()

>         ds_engine = get_ds_engine(self.model, ctx)

Reviewer: Suggest keep this portion only and mention that in your custom handler add these 3-4 lines

Author: Its not clear what Option 2 is doing and if its relevant with the updated code ?
